this week the small and complete anne
three months a bad training caused the
girl is born without the two arms
The mother is moved by the
preconception that the daughter suffers from an early age
Goiano staff have one of today's
People do not think it's just she wants
This is not normal, but dreams are understood.
stayed in 1 asking questions and did not know
that she would be born if she did not know she could not
do what fifa requires dedication
rose maria who had to
leave work to practice
exclusively the function of mother the father of
anne a registered and disappeared does not help in
anything
unemployed rose maria has the
benefit of the family grant is 120
Real and help my wife sueli
wife went behind we ran after
donations to her is
we went to take a look at the question of b
yes, she did not have the design and the
people asked for help
This is how we met.
asked the people there on the day we
see here we will bring BC and was
when I met her at the rose house
water and light work so well.
sewer clandestine there is no bet
the residence is almost
overflowing to know the
difficulties of rosa maria is already a
difficulty climbing to her house is
steep full of stones and dangerous and
When it rains, it gets even worse.
so we 're practically
abandoned everything that is a doctor is everything
with so many problems mainly
because the navy needs the
public power help
but how it works and that help is
the social welfare secretary of
cariacica explains that low-income families
income and social vulnerability and
depend on benefits should seek the
centers of reference and assistance
of the municipality to register
the person is looking for and if she has
within the requirements, particularly in the
question
sale will be included inserted in the
single registration of social assistance
national registry
then there goes the part that from the
available, it becomes
receive family benefit grant from
and other benefits
there are through assistance
social rose can not change the
reality of the daughter's health but wants
ensure yane has a decent life